welcome back to our channel
today we will introduce you a sci-fi
movie alien and predator released in
2004. let's start
at the beginning of the film a man
appears on the run from something
terrible
he ran to a room but the monster was
already there
he was killed in a second
at a satellite station of a large
corporation called weyland a signal was
emitted from the satellite
they discovered something very important
and it all started here
on an ice mountain in nepal when a girl
was climbing she received a phone call
from whalen corporation
she is the environmentalist alexa lex
woods
she was invited to join the weyland
groups project but before she could
refuse the company's helicopter picked
her up right at the top of the mountain
a man is stuck with an archaeological
project in mexico the weyland
corporation comes and invites him to
join them
he is sebastian de rosa an italian
archaeologist who has the ability to
translate the hieroglyphs of the
pyramids
alexa boarded the helicopter and
returned with dr grain miller a scottish
chemical engineer they talk with each
other happily
helicopters took them to a ship which
gathered many scientists archaeologists
drillers and even mercenaries to form a
research team for the weyland
corporations project
everyone gathered in one place to listen
to mr charles bishop weyland chairman of
the corporation talk about this new
project
he said that seven days ago his
satellite had detected a red thermal
halo representing hard soil and his
experts thought it was a pyramid
but what they need to find out is who
built it and when
it is located on the island of bufia it
is located 2000 meters below the ice
alexa wants three weeks to train them
because no one is ready for this trip
yet
but whalen disagreed because they had no
time and the ship had already set off
alexa got up and left alexa packed up
and decided not to go with the group
anymore
and she asked who they would take to
replace her
his answer was gerald burdock she
immediately went to waylon to protest
because murdoch had just spent two
seasons on ice he convinces alexa again
and she says wayland is making a mistake
while she is still debating whether to
go or back miller and sebastian come to
encourage her
meanwhile a predator's ship approaches
earth and it fires a beam of energy
aimed at the pyramid
in the end she decided to stay she set
rules for the group that they can't go
alone always keep in touch and when they
encounter something they are not allowed
to take risks
they began to leave the ship carrying
many machinery and equipment
they reached a cliff and stopped because
they couldn't continue
below was the abandoned whaling station
and the location the pyramid is looking
for is exactly this location and it is
located below this station
people choose this place as a camping
place and spread out to explore this
place
one of them discovered there was a big
hole
after measuring it they concluded it was
a perfect bore drilled at a 30 degree
angle and headed straight for the
pyramid from some kind of thermal device
that was much more modern and powerful
than what they had the team installed
poles and cables to go down below they
were in a hurry to do before the storm
arrived
alexa found weyland inside the excavator
alexa knows he is sick
she advises him not to come down
he is on top and her team will notify
him regularly
the group began to climb the rope and go
down below
the snowstorm blew mr whalen's cable off
and sent him down a steep slope
no one could hold him back luckily alexa
kept him
above the hole the remaining workers
were still busy arranging things
suddenly they saw a giant plane with a
strange ship flying above their heads
it fired rockets into the ground and
something came out from within they turn
all the lights on everywhere
the team was amazed to see a very large
and majestic pyramid abandoned
alexa congratulates weyland because he's
probably about to leave his mark on
history
the team began to explore the place
they went up the stairs and entered
inside
they accidentally stepped on a brick
unaware that it had just revived the
alien queen
they find strange characters on the wall
sebastian de rosa reads it and
translates it as only the chosen can
enter
above the ground the rest are camping
and resting here they are attacked by
aliens came from the spaceship
those are three predators scar celtic
and chopper
they killed each one in turn and began
to find their way down the pyramid
the team went deep inside to a room
known as the sacrificial chamber
there are seven stone beds with seven
human skeletons
on the walls are strewn with skulls and
skeletons they began to hear strange
sounds looked around and saw an animal
skeleton resembling a scorpion falling
the scientists examined the skeleton of
the sacrificer and found that the chest
bone was broken out as if something had
come out of them
on this side the alien queen is laying
her first eggs
it wailed miserably and the eggs were
moved somewhere
max discovers a dry well which seems to
have a path leading to another room
they split up one team went downstairs
one team stayed
when they got there there was another
room in the middle of the room there was
a stone coffin sebastian says the
calendar carved on this coffin is of the
aztecs
this is a combination clock that
includes the date and year
he tried to open it with the code that
was the date of today and the coffin was
opened
there are three guns inside
mr weyland had an asthma attack again so
alexa told everyone to stop to go up to
the camp to rest
they will be back tomorrow
but before leaving salmon picked up a
gun to bring up causing the doors of the
room to close
everyone was locked up including the
members in the sacristy room
three predators accidentally discovered
where the scientists were
they rushed there knowing that the group
of scientists have closed the doors
at this time the eggs that alien lays
have emerged next to the sacrificial
skeletons
horror animals hatch from those eggs
a monster names a number immediately
attacked the people in the sacristy they
tried to contact the group of people in
the sacristy room but there was no
response
alexa led them down a new path
in the sacristy room rousseau wakes up
to find the number corpse next to her
she took off her coat when she felt a
pain in her chest as if something wanted
to come out and then from her chest came
out an adult xenomorph also known as an
alien
the trio of predators discovers that the
weapon has been stolen and chases after
the research team
they saw their weapons in the backpacks
of two of the research team killed stone
and attacked the rest
the pyramid begins to rotate causing a
lexus team to split into three teams a
mercenary is locked alone one team
includes verting with miller one team
includes alexa weyland sebastian and
silemon
sebastian discovered that the aztec
calendar was based on the metric system
meaning that every 10 minutes there
would be a pyramid shift
and it opened up new avenues for
sebastian and miller's group as well
they started a small exit there
miller's team had just gone a short
distance when they were all captured by
aliens
now only alexis team was left just gone
a distance when salman was attacked with
a net by two predators
the more you move the tighter it is
the knife can't cut it
two predators attacked one by one
one lifted sebastian up the other swung
its blade towards selma on killing him
on the spot
alexa rushed up with an axe but was
thrown against the wall by the other one
it raised a sharp knife in its hand to
attack her when an adult xenomorph
stabbed its tail straight into its body
killing the predator
the other guy saw this through sebastian
aside and started fighting with alien
while the two monsters were fighting
alexa and sebastian ran to help weyland
all three escaped the two monsters were
still fighting
from the tail of the alien began to
release acid that scattered everywhere
splashing even on the body of the
predator the predator immediately took
off the armor but looked around and
couldn't find the alien
suddenly an alien rushed down from above
the predator was able to launch the net
to catch the alien the alien spits out
acid again which erodes the iron net and
then rushes out to fight the next
predator
the alien spits out venom killing the
second predator
as for alexa they continued to run until
whalen couldn't take it anymore and sat
down to rest the other predator named
scar approached
when whalen chased the two of them away
he stayed to fight it
the predator lifted him up but the
scanner saw that he was sick and could
not live much longer so it released him
he wanted to buy time so he burned it
with flares
that made it angry turning to use the
sharp spear to kill him
ten minutes later the pyramid moved
again
two people climbed over a rock that was
about to collapse
luckily sebastian was able to slip
through to get to the other side before
scar hurled his knife
on this side alien rushed to scar but
was cut in half by scar
then scar opened the mask and used
aliens blood to mark her face as a sign
of victory
alexa and sebastian witnessed it all
they also discovered that there were
many hieroglyphic inscriptions on the
wall
it turns out that 1 000 years ago the
ancestors of invisible monsters
discovered the earth
they teach people to build and are
worshiped as gods
every 100 years invisible monsters
return here
they wanted a sacrifice predators will
battle aliens to prove they are worthy
of tattoos
when the hunter failed
they will use bombs to blow everything
up and kill themselves
alexa and sebastian have concluded that
the heat halo is a trap to lure humans
here as sacrifices to feed the prey of
those invisible monsters
they continue and see a bronze circle
engraved with special characters
sebastian translates that when the door
opens we will die
alexa realized that this tower was like
a prison
they took the wardens guns they have to
give them back their guns
another 10 minutes they're waiting for
the tower to teleport again
on the way they encountered an alien
they turned to run away met a wall
cracked into below was an abyss
they did not hesitate to jump over
sebastian made it through but alexa
almost fell
sebastian went back to save her but just
pulled her up when he was taken away by
an alien
now that only alexa was left
scar was standing right behind her and
she looked towards it with fear when he
was preparing a weapon to kill her she
stopped him
she gave him the gun back
scar could not react when an alien
pushed hard against the wall
alexa immediately took a spear and
stabbed the alien as soon as it rushed
to attack her
then it fell dead
scar obtained the gun and used it as a
weapon to defeat many other aliens
alexa said she wanted to go with scar
scar turned around without saying
anything bent down to cut an alien's
body and took its head and tail as a
weapon for alexa
the two of them go together to find
other aliens to kill them
on this side the alien queen is using
his own children's acid to break the
chains and get out of the grip
as alexa and scar enter a room she sees
miller's camera fall to the floor
she stepped inside and called miller's
name
inside she found miller and the others
glued to the wall
their ribcage was broken picking up the
gun she continued inside when she heard
a small cry
it turned out that sebastian was also
stuck to the wall
he said help him za number are inside me
don't let them on the ground
she picked up the gun and shot sebastian
to death so that the xenomorph could not
grow anymore
the zen number immediately jumped out to
attack scar but he caught it and
strangled it to death
the alien queen successfully broke the
chain
it rushed with its companions to find
and kill alexa and scar
scar scans the eggs the xenomorphs are
about to come out
he decides to use a bomb on his wrist to
destroy the pyramid the remaining
xenomorphs and the eggs
after detonating the bomb they rushed
out of the borehole
they were about to get on the tram to
run to the ground when an alien attacked
scar alexa immediately took out a gun to
defeat it
two people jumped onto the tram which
was pulled to the ground by cables
at the same time the explosion occurred
flames broke out behind the two
they ran as fast as they could while
behind and to the side was full of
rubble everything falling down the eyes
cracking to pieces
they ran to a place where there was no
longer a landslide turned to see only a
pile of rubble scar removed the mask
drew blood from the finger of an alien
and carved a mark on alex's face
she is also recognized as a true
predator because she also contributed to
killing them
from the ground emerges a large creature
that is the alien queen
it knocked scar down and was about to
stab him with its tail when alexa ran to
save scar
she took the spear and stabbed it
straight in the neck causing it pain her
shirt was stained with acid and had to
be thrown away the alien queen chased
alexa closely past the whale skeletons
she ran to a whale's water tank ducked
under and the alien rammed above
it bared its venom to attack her when
scar ran to hurl the spear in the center
of its head making it rise
alexis saw the chains tied to the alien
she immediately pulled the chain to tie
it to the water tank that was about to
fall into the cliff
she and scar teamed up to pull it close
to the cliff
it immediately used its tail to stab
scar
the water tank fell down before the
alien killed scar
the water tank pulled the alien queen
the alien tried to hold on but couldn't
it is dragged to the bottom of the ocean
when she returned scar was dead
a predator's ship appears
they brought their fallen comrades on
board
the leader of the other predator
recognizes alex's skill through the scar
symbol that uses aliens blood to burn on
her cheek before he dies
a predator gives alexa their spear as a
gift and the spaceship flies away
alexa is also out of there
moments later a creature with the hybrid
form of a xenomorph and a predator
emerged from scar's chest
so what will happen to these predators
let's all look forward to part two
thank you for watching the movie
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie